SvelteKit: README (#20229)
storybookjs/storybook: code/frameworks/sveltekit/README.md

# Storybook for SvelteKit <!-- omit in toc -->

Our goal is to help you use the tools you love together with Storybook. That’s why Storybook has zero-config support for SvelteKit with the `@storybook/sveltekit` package.

> Check out our [Frameworks API](https://storybook.js.org/blog/framework-api/) announcement for what this all means for you and our continuos efforts to make Storybook a seamless integration into any project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out our [Frameworks API](https://storybook.js.org/blog/framework-api/) announcement for what this all means for you and our continued efforts to make Storybook a seamless integration for any project.
```

Author: ![](https://i.imgflip.com/745x0i.jpg)

https://github.com/storybookjs/storybook/pull/20229#discussion_r1047249495

> Check out our [Frameworks API](https://storybook.js.org/blog/framework-api/) announcement for what this all means for you and our continuos efforts to make Storybook a seamless integration into any project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Check out our [Frameworks API](https://storybook.js.org/blog/framework-api/) announcement for what this all means for you and our continuous efforts to make Storybook a seamless integration into any project.
```

Author: Went with Shauns suggestion instead

## Getting Started

### In a project without Storybook

Run the following command in your SvelteKit project's root directory, and follow the prompts:

```bash
npx storybook@next init
```

[More on getting started with Storybook](https://storybook.js.org/docs/7.0/svelte/get-started/install)

### In a project with Storybook

This framework is designed to work with Storybook 7. If you’re not already using v7, upgrade with this command:

```bash
npx storybook@next upgrade --prerelease
```

#### Automatic migration

When running the `upgrade` command above you should get a prompt asking you to migrate to `@storybook/sveltekit`, which should handle everything for you. In some cases it can't migrate for you, eg. if your existing Storybook setup is based on Webpack. In such cases, refer to the manual migration below.

#### Manual migration

Install the framework:

```bash
yarn add -D @storybook/sveltekit@next
```

Update your `main.cjs` to change the framework property:

```js
// .storybook/main.cjs
module.exports = {
  ...
  // shorthand
  framework: '@storybook/sveltekit',
  // or if you need options
  framework: {
    name: '@storybook/sveltekit',

>     options: {...},

Reviewer 2: What are the options?

Author: There are none...
